Match helm chart description (#464)
kubecost/docs: aws-cloud-integrations.md

These values can either be set from the kubecost frontend or via .Values.kubecostProductConfigs in the helm chart. Note that if you set any kubecostProductConfigs from the Helm chart, all changes via the frontend will be overridden on pod restart.

> * `athenaProjectID` e.g. "530337586277" # The AWS AccountID where the Athena CUR is. Generally your masterpayer account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `athenaProjectID` e.g. "530337586277" # The AWS AccountID where the Athena CUR is. Generally your master payer account.
```
